Add tips section in requirements (#13)
elb-colleagues/elbdoc: docs/source/requirements.rst

    * GKE: to manage a kubernetes cluster on which to run ElasticBLAST.
    * GCS: to store results and query splits.

Tips
----

.. In the Cloud Console, on the Navigation menu (Navigation menu), click APIs & services > Library.
.. I.e.: go to https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/library, search for kubernetes and storage

#. To check the GCP permissions with the Cloud Console, visit the URLs below and ensure that the API is **enabled**.

   * https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/api/storage-component.googleapis.com/overview
   * https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/api/container.googleapis.com/overview

> #. If you are working on Ubuntu system and have ``root`` permissions, you can install kubectl and python-distutils as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. If you are working on Debian or Ubuntu Linux distribution and have ``root`` permissions, you can install kubectl and python-distutils as follows:
```

    * GKE: to manage a kubernetes cluster on which to run ElasticBLAST.
    * GCS: to store results and query splits.

Tips
----

.. In the Cloud Console, on the Navigation menu (Navigation menu), click APIs & services > Library.
.. I.e.: go to https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/library, search for kubernetes and storage

#. To check the GCP permissions with the Cloud Console, visit the URLs below and ensure that the API is **enabled**.

   * https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/api/storage-component.googleapis.com/overview
   * https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/api/container.googleapis.com/overview

> #. If you are working on ubuntu system and have ``root`` permissions, you can install kubectl and python-distutils as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. If you are working on Ubuntu system and have ``root`` permissions, you can install kubectl and python-distutils as follows:
```

.. code-block:: shell

>    sudo apt-get install -yq kubectl python3-distutils

Reviewer: This line works on Debian too for `python3-distutils`. I never tired `kubectl`.
